* My interests and thoughts on human access to space and space flight in general.

There are several reasons why the space industry and space flight is
interesting and exciting to work in.  Like many American youths, I was
fascinated by the idea of space travel.  I loved learning about it,
and building model rockets to demo for my classmates in elementary
school.  This sense of wonder and fascination at the concept of
sending humans into space has not left me as an adult, but has been
the motivation for much of my professional development.

Human space flight is certainly this generation's greatest challenge,
and it would be an honor to work on it.  It will require humanity's
best efforts in various engineering disciplines, as well as finance,
project management, logistics, and several other fields.

Space flight is also one of humanity's greatest survival imperatives.
There are potential cataclysmic events facing the earth which could
eliminate life on the planet.  These include internal threats such as
war, famine, and disease, as well as external threats such as a stray
comet or the development of artificial super intelligence.  There are
also more pedestrian possibilities, such as the consumption of all of
the planet's natural resources.

In the face of these threats, humanity's chance of survival is much
better if we become a space-faring species.  One might think of this as
analogous to "backing up the hard drive" for the species.  A rare
event which could extinguish life on the planet would not be enough to
extinguish humanity.

Finally, as Jeff Bezos has put it, the alternative to space flight for
humanity is stasis.  In the absence of space flight, human societies
would have to stop expanding due to environmental and other
constraints.  Human history can be viewed through a variety of lenses,
but it is a story of continued achievement from any
perspective.  Stagnation is not in our destiny as a species.

We are on the brink of one of humanity's greatest challenges, but also
one of our greatest adventures.
